TINY-9190: Stopped quickbars context toolbar from being shown in the fake caret (#8182)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Line separator scrolling in floating toolbars. #TINY-8948
- A double bottom border appeared on inline mode editor for the `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108
- The editor header showed up even with no menubar and toolbar configured. #TINY-8819

> - The context toolbar of `quickbars` plugin was showed in the fake block caret. #TINY-9190

Reviewer: Just wondering if we should be more specific.
```suggestion
- The Quick Insert context toolbar provided by the `quickbars` plugin showed when the cursor was in the fake block caret. #TINY-9190
```
